DOC-1315: Missing limitation indicator for S3 bucket usage on multiple accounts (#2454)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/databases/back-up-data.md

To learn more, see [Configuring ACLs for buckets](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/managing-acls.html) on the AWS docs.

{{< note >}}

> An AWS S3 bucket can be used by only one Redis Cloud account. If you have more than one Redis Cloud account, repeat the set up steps for multiple buckets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An AWS S3 bucket can be used by only one Redis Cloud account. If you have more than one Redis Cloud account, repeat the setup steps for multiple buckets. 
```
